# Version 1.0.0  
*This is the first released version of the project.*  

## Things to fix with updates in the project:
* The ``source code structure`` of the project should be regulated.  
    * Arrangements should be made to make it easier to develop page designs with new updates. JavaScript and CSS codes should not be included in the HTML files. A separate place should be created for them.  
    &nbsp;

* The website must have a ``link`` and a ``domain``.  
    * The website needs a link that can be reached by users.  
    &nbsp;

* The website should be reached by users who search the website in ``search engines``.
    * The website should be published and used by people for research.  
    &nbsp;

* The ``dictionary application`` on the ``language page`` is in the demo version. It should be upgraded to the full version.  
    * The dictionary system of the JavaScript program works in the demo version for now. But there are a lot of words to add and this is no longer a JavaScript job and a back-end technology needs to be used.    
    &nbsp;

* The ``Read Info`` buttons on the ``Bumin, Istemi and Etmish pages`` are still empty, the pages with information about the rulers should be added to the project.  
    * Opening an HTML page for all the rulers will not be an adequate solution. A cloud system should be used. A good framework should be used to prevent slowdowns on the website.  
    &nbsp;

* More historical information about the state should be included on the website.
    * The information available on the website is limited for now and more historical content should be added. More historical content is unlikely to be made with more front-end, and back-end should be used for new long content.   